finally I figured out the alternate plan
to defeat and destroy solander her chalk
and it comes from an egg hahaha that
seems pretty lame quiet you it's far
more powerful in you now to add the
finishing touches finally it's complete
wow what happened oh you look observed I
guess I was made by ear what's your
commands master or woods destroy sonic
but first destroy his friends and then
you'll be most vulnerable haha what but
master I'm the one who be destroying
sonic not him quiet with a sonic you've
had so many attempt to try and you've
all failed so this guy is much stronger
he'll definitely passed the test I call
him the Black Knight clone now shut up
now get going yes master i will doctor
this is so unfair I'll good destroying a
venturi oh really sure you were I gotta
do something and fast this must be where
their knuckles guys located I bear
destroy him quick oh god I'm so bored
I've got nothing to do guarding a stupid
dragon fish which is apparently really
strong huh yeah right God it sucks here
but no company oh well forget to work
what the heck was up I better keep this
being safe so you must be that Knuckles
the Echidna fellow guess I better
destroy you oh yeah put him up I'm gonna
take you down very well let's begin haha
that was really easy I guess it's time
to finish him off what door is it even
flinch I'm really going to enjoy killing
you so get ready haha whoa something's
up tails figures knuckles bigs in
trouble I better go and help him stay
here back in a minute ok sonic yr while
you're out i'll try and locate the
problem
All Right see you later tails hahaha I
think I've tormented you enough for kid
now it's time to kill you hey hold it
right there you freaky look alike ah
darn just one else about that killed
knuckles oh well I kill him later but
first I'll get rid of do but we'll fight
later sign it but not right now we're
just wait no way with fighting here and
now is trying to end this see you around
oh he was strong oh no knuckles is he
all right trying to piss you off you
Black Knight menace it's me slight the
Hedgehog you idiot knuckles oh he got
away don't worry I'm not harming you I
am actually Sonic I'm not that guy come
on der gullible like you were in Sonic
30 sonic I'm sorry I'm mistaken g for
that guy um he took the dragon fist fit
it's right there oh right oh I guess he
tried he came to try and kill me luckily
right there in time Sonic anyway you
have to stop yeah I known of course I'm
gonna stop him I need to go back to
tails and find a location where he is
now
Master em preserve I was about to kill
knock was put inside eh I've gotten away
but don't worry I'm gonna make sure he
follows me the shrouded desert for a
trap and then I'll finish off side hedge
up there and then his friends will be no
menaces I'll kill them off the woods
I've got it yes Black Knight to
understand just make sure sonic follows
you into the shot of desert therefore he
can kill him there understood and
mission a mission now sorry to have to
say that those six reference hey Sonic
what's up tails thank god you're here
this it seems that the observers made a
clone of me who looks exactly like me
from sonic on the Black Knight and he's
very strong he took down knuckles as
well and he almost took me two hours of
but he quickly disappears aina fight
another day that's very confusing but
anyway can you please help me locate
where he is a Carly I need to stop him
now before he terrorized any more people
hurry okay okay i will don't worry hmm
it seems that is located in the shrouded
desert you've been a good at clicks on
it good luck sonic banks tails and don't
worry I won't get and stop it I must
warn you Sonic he might be quite strong
so you might need my help gee thanks
Cheryl just kidding whatever shadow to
be honest I don't even think you'll be
able to win sonic but cuz your heroic
pneus and bravery you might actually
have a chance hello silver who the heck
was that it is I metal Sonny gray first
ones had to fight the Black Knight clone
now have to handle you gray know you've
got it all wrong I need your help what
how come he possibly need my help I want
you to help me destroy the Black Knight
clones I know something what stand a
chance and also he's been a thorn in my
side for a while that a clone you see
he's ordered him to destroy sonic but
I'm the only one should be destroying
site not anyone else so can you help me
please destroy him don't worry this time
we're going to work together after this
we are more
two enemies again okay I guess because
we are doing one good thing get rid of
10 Sonic's hard enemies well new enemy
good let's go ah sonic so you finally
came yeah you're going down ah sir you
want to end this quickly huh just to let
you know you must had a charmed everyone
says that I fight against not always win
so don't be too cocky because you don't
know what's gonna happen yet silence I'm
going to crush it up a great
it's like I said you don't stand a charm
does any one more technique I can do
huh it's time to finish you all
what does who done now what does mel
sonic you destroyed him and silver you
helped him what's going on here I only
helped you because I wanted to get rid
of this minutes on destroy you I'm the
only one who can destroy you Sonic so
next time we meet you won't be so lucky
oh we get to QE that's why I helped him
Sonic ok I get it no I can't believe it
what great invention almost cute sonic
but then select on something no well
thats sonic for your shadow oh I've
barely managed to beat him there I'd
better work harder next time and don't
reserve I'll be waiting for you